	In this project, I believe our group dynamics were great and 
everyone made solid contributions to the final product. I personally 
created the board for the user and computer, the AI, and worked on 
linking the graphics to our game. When working on the board, I created 2 
2-D vectors of chars that were filled with 'O's to begin with. Once the 
boards were created, David was able to create the ship class that 
enabled all 5 ships to be created easily with different characteristics 
using inheritance. With this new ship class, I was able to implement one 
user turn, which only left the AI to be created. Together with Matt, we 
created the AI to compete against the user. I then created functions to 
check if the game was over, as well as functions to check that ship 
placements and missile shots were valid. After making the gameplay 
functional from the terminal, we all spent time debugging the program 
together and constantly fixing minor bugs in the AI until it was finally 
perfect. Once the game was created, our entire group worked together for 
consecutive days to link our program to graphics. In this time, we were 
able to have the user board displayed on the graphics screen, and able 
to have the user shoot missiles simply by clicking on the corresponding 
square on the graphics board. The next day, I was able to have the 
computer board display alongside the user board, and David and I worked 
to completely debug the graphics aspect of the program as well as create 
title, winning, and losing screens. We also made it possible to run the 
game several times in a row from the graphics program without having to 
actually rerun the program in the terminal. Once the project was fully 
completed, Matt thoroughly commented all of our code. Altogether, I am 
very happy with our final product, as well as with how our group worked 
together. I learned alot about topics we have previously covered in 
class and also about graphics. I enjoyed working on this project, and am 
very proud of our Battleship Game. 
